Add a docs page about AWS S3 (#4202)
brimdata/zed: docs/integrations/amazon-s3.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
sidebar_label: Amazon S3
---

# Amazon S3

Zed tools have the ability to utilize [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/)
storage. Details on effective use with S3 are described below.

> ## Credentials
> 
> The URI parameters that are accepted by Zed components can be `s3://`
> destinations that point to S3 storage. As most S3 buckets are non-public, this
> requires the Zed tooling to have credentials for access. These credentials can
> be provided in one of two ways.
> 
> 1. If you have the [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) tools installed on
> the same system where you're running Zed and have successfully completed
> `aws configure`, the Zed tools will automatically find and use these saved
> credentials and config in their well-known location. If you can successfully
> execute operations such as `aws s3 ls` or `aws s3 cp` against an S3 URI, it is
> expected that the Zed tools will be able to successfully make use of the same
> S3 URI.
> 
> 2. If the AWS CLI tools are absent or unconfigured, the necessary credentials
> can be set in environment variables `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`,
> `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, and `AWS_REGION`. The values for these are the same as
> are typically input in the first three settings entered during `aws configure`.
> 
>    ```
>    $ aws configure
>    AWS Access Key ID [********************]: 
>    AWS Secret Access Key [********************]: 
>    Default region name [*********]: 
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Region

You must specify an AWS region via one of the following:
* The `AWS_REGION` environment variable
* The `~/.aws/config` file
* The file specified by the `AWS_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable

You can create `~/.aws/config` by installing the
[AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) and running `aws configure`.

## Credentials

You must specify AWS credentials via one of the following:
* The `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and`AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environment variables
* The `~/.aws/credentials` file
* The file specified by the `AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE` environment variable

You can create `~/.aws/credentials` by installing the
[AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) and running `aws configure`.
```
